feat(ror/form_basics): link to docs, explain HTTP method and CSRF relation (#31168)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: ruby_on_rails/forms_and_authentication/project_forms.md

The first form you build will be mostly HTML (remember that stuff at all?).  Build it in your New view at `app/views/users/new.html.erb`.  The goal is to build a form that is almost identical to what you'd get by using a Rails helper so you can see how it's done behind the scenes.

> Read [section 2.1 and 2.2 of Rails guide for routing](https://guides.rubyonrails.org/routing.html#resources-on-the-web), the HTTP methods like GET, POST, PATCH, DELETE, etc have different meaning for example a search form should use GET method because it is just reading the data/resource and a user profile update form would use PATCH or PUT since it's modifies the data. You should not use GET method to perform non-GET (anything other than GET) operation on a resource, because ruby on rails will not check for CSRF token on non-GET requests. Read [section 4 of Rails Security Guide](https://guides.rubyonrails.org/security.html#csrf-countermeasures).

Reviewer: I don't think we need this paragraph here - most of it repeats material the learner has already seen before reaching this project:

  - HTTP methods having different meanings (GET for reading, POST/PATCH for changing data), and not using GET for actions that change data - this is taught in the Web Refresher lesson and again, in depth, in the Routing lesson (the whole RESTful routes section). It's also touched on back in the HTML Form Basics lesson.
  - CSRF - this is already explained in the Form Basics lesson right before this project (the "authenticity token" section), and then the learner gets to experience it hands-on a few steps down in this same project (the data-turbo=false → InvalidAuthenticityToken walkthrough).

So this paragraph ends up re-teaching things the learner has already seen multiple times, which we try to avoid.

The point about Rails only verifies the CSRF token on non-GET requests isn't covered anywhere though, and that's worth keeping. But I think the "authenticity token" section of the Form Basics lesson is a better home for it, rather than as a preamble here in the project:

Maybe something short like this at the end of that section? 
> Rails only checks this token on requests that change data — POST, PATCH, PUT, and DELETE. GET requests are treated as safe, read-only operations and are never CSRF-protected.

> 1. Build a form for creating a new user. Read the [MDN docs reference for form element](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Reference/Elements/form) if you’ve totally forgotten how they work. Specify the `method` and the `action` attributes in your `<form>` tag (use `$ rails routes` to see which HTTP method and path are being expected based on the resource you created).  Include the attribute `accept-charset="UTF-8"` as well, which Rails naturally adds to its forms to specify Unicode character encoding.

Reviewer: A couple of small tweaks here, following the same idea as my note on the paragraph above.

Since this line is really just a memory-jogger ("if you've totally forgotten how forms work"), I think it's better to point learners back to our own [Form Basics lesson ](https://www.theodinproject.com/lessons/intermediate-html-and-css-form-basics)in the Intermediate HTML and CSS course rather than out to MDN. They've already worked through that lesson, so it's a more natural refresher and keeps them inside the curriculum - MDN is great as a reference, but here we just want to jog their memory of something they've already learned.

And rather than re-explaining the HTTP methods, a quick callback to the Routing lesson does the job. Everything else stays as you have it:

```suggestion
1. Build a form for creating a new user. If you've totally forgotten how forms work, revisit the [Form Basics lesson](https://www.theodinproject.com/lessons/intermediate-html-and-css-form-basics) from the Intermediate HTML and CSS course. Specify the method and action attributes on your <form> tag (use $ rails routes to see which HTTP method and path the resource expects). Since you're creating a user, that's a POST request - recall the RESTful verb-to-action mapping from the [Routing lesson](https://www.theodinproject.com/lessons/ruby-on-rails-routing). Include the attribute accept-charset="UTF-8" as well, which Rails naturally adds to its forms to specify Unicode character encoding.
```
